---
layout: page
title: "0x0f02e707"
parent: Journal
grand_parent: Blog
---
# 0x0f02e707
<button class="btn js-toggle-dark-mode">Dark Mode</button>

<script>
const toggleDarkMode = document.querySelector('.js-toggle-dark-mode');

jtd.addEvent(toggleDarkMode, 'click', function(){
  if (jtd.getTheme() === 'dark') {
    jtd.setTheme('light');
    toggleDarkMode.textContent = 'Dark Mode';
  } else {
    jtd.setTheme('dark');
    toggleDarkMode.textContent = 'Light Mode';
  }
});
</script>

## Silence
```
In restless dreams I walked alone
Narrow streets of cobblestone
'Neath the halo of a street lamp
I turned my collar to the cold and damp

"Fools" said I, "You do not know
Silence like a cancer grows
Hear my words that I might teach you
Take my arms that I might reach you"
But my words like silent raindrops fell
And echoed in the wells of silence
```
## Room
I have a very small room in a house shared by 5 people. But it is an independent room, so that's enough for me. I don't have many possessions. In the corner,
there are shoes and a refrigerator. Then there is a closet, desk, chair, and bed. I also have a kettle, a laundry basket, and my backpack. But that's it, nothing
interesting.

## Schedule
I find it weird, but I am going to sleep too late. Like, right now, it is already 1 am, and I am still awake. Sometimes at twilight time, I am so tired and don't even want to stand up.

In the last few days, I stayed up as late as 5 am and 7 am and usually got up at around 10-12 am. I hate myself for doing this, but I really can't find any solutions. I am so energetic at 1 and 2 am.

## Finals
Finals are coming, and I should be contacting the teachers about it. I am feeling frustrated. I don't want to review. But it is coming anyways.

## CS 161
The project for CS 161 is very hard for me. I spent so many hours doing project 1 and haven't succeeded yet. I wanted to move on but couldn't. I don't want to finish the project sometimes.

## Socializing
People here aren't that interested in you, nor do they show a willingness to introduce themselves to you. Everything seems formal and very strange. I remember that I used to feel like I wanted to be socialized, and now it is all different. I thought I was socialized back in middle school. Before university, it was like everybody was interested in you, and you were interested in everybody else. It is just hard to approach people, and I don't know who to approach. I don't want just anybody to be my friend. Many people don't make me feel happy.

## Conversation
Every time it was like: Hi, I am Jim. Nice to meet you. Then he or she will reply yes and hi very formally. Then I will say what my question is and hopefully don't mess up with my words. Then he or she will just basically explain. It is so hard to get a casual conversation.

Then there are those Chinese walking on the streets and speaking Chinese loudly. Do I want to join them? No.

I can hang out with idiots, but I don't want to. If somebody doesn't know something, just search on Google, and you get it. A person who doesn't know how to Google search is either being very rude and pretending or hasn't been to elementary school. Why bother asking you? Why don't they just look things up on their own?

Then again, when I am kind of asking a question, people are like: you can search on Google. I thought: I am trying to socialize, and I already know the answer! I was like oh ok, I understand; thank you, bye. Then they are like: you can ask me further questions! Haha, so weird, as the easiest way to make friends or start a conversation is to ask questions. 

I don't think it will not be long before I am going to hang out with idiots or pretend to be an idiot to hang out with people. I don't know. 
## Classes

I am not going to classes now. Even if I go, I just don't listen.

## Gaming

On Ubuntu, you can change the default settings by typing
```
gsettings set org.gnome.desktop.peripherals.touchpad disable-while-typing false

```
Then you can play games like zombsroyale.io. There are also default games on Ubuntu, such as card games. I hate playing games, but I am too frustrated and depressed those days.

## CS170
To be honest one of the easiest courses this semester for me. Finished about half of the lectures on bilibili. But I am so stuck on other things. Going to live lectures doesn't help--I just can't listen. 

There are many Chinese people in the lectures sitting together and speaking Chinese, and I don't like that very much.

I didn't go to like one lecture in three weeks.

The CS 170 staff misgraded my homework. I don't really like homework that much. I hope there are more coding sessions.

## Emphasizing

I can't really emphasize many people. My life is simple and boring as hell. I don't understand complex feelings when I try to search for what is in a song of celebrity. It is such a big and complex world.

Poetry and Literature are nice, but I really don't think I can imagine myself being like that. I am not black, anyways. I am what, an Asian nerd? Whatever. 


## Yellowjackets

I find myself going to Berkeley High every day. Not that I want to study there, because I obviously see no point in doing that, but because there are more people my age. In the university, it seems like people are 40 years old. In Berkeley high school, there are many young boys and girls, and they are doing sports like track and swimming and badminton, and they seem to be enjoying themselves. I want to get socialized and want to join them, but I don't know how to anyways. 
## Operating
Many people are poor at operating computers! I really hate those noobs. Some people make loud noises with computers, and I don't know what they are doing. They make loud noises either with the mouse or keyboard continuously. I hate those noises a lot. Also, most people are slow on computers, so anyways.
## Hypothesize

I think I can easily solve any high school math problems, so I want to be a math tutor for Berkeley High, e.g., Every week, we meet one day, and I teach them high school math in exchange for knowing American culture and finding someone to hang out with regularly. I think it will work with the right person. I think he//she will improve in their academic performance while I can get socialized. However, there are two things I am not sure about. One, maybe I cannot find the right person. Anyways, all kinds of people exist in this world, and not all of them are very interesting and nice to hang out with. Two, how can I start the conversation? Hang flyers? Too awkward! Maybe I start, and they say what do you want? It is just really awkward.

On the other hand, I remember in A* camp that the tutors were just my age AIME qualifiers. Possibly they are not as good as I am in terms of math skills. Is it their way to get socialized? Being a tutor in a summer camp? Being a tutor is meaningless on one hand because people can just look things up on the web, and you can never be better than YouTube videos or Coursera or whatever. But it is a good way to make friends. The problem is, I don't want to commit my time.
## Hypothesize 2
If 10% of the population hates me, I won't even know it. I don't talk to people every day, and people don't know my face. If people hate someone called Jim Chen, they don't even know it is me. So what if 10% of the population hates me? It doesn't matter. People don't care anything about you.
## OH
Why bother going to something when you can easily solve the problem on your own? Walking up the hills is so hard to work for me. Searching the web is 10x easier.
## Textbook
Textbooks are designed using just the docs. Ha!
## Hobby
What is a hobby? How is hobby defined? What is the point of doing a hobby? Awfully weird!

Then again, my only hobby is road running. It is quite intense to some point. I am not even serious about running, I run awfully slow, and I am so fat. However, I think I must have at least one hobby, though.

## Conclusion

I am feeling frustrated because I am not exactly enjoying the things I am doing right now. I find it either too challenging or not suitable for doing such things as I am poor in certain skills. I want to get to know more people, but this seems really complicated. I don't want to go out of my way to make friends.

Probably sometimes, it is not possible to do some things and have such beliefs together. In that case, maybe I will stay with one thing. But when you are listening to Ed Sheeran or Senorita, it is just, well, impossible.
