---
layout: page
title: "0x1002e707"
parent: Journal
grand_parent: Blog
---
# 0x1002e707
<button class="btn js-toggle-dark-mode">Dark Mode</button>

<script>
const toggleDarkMode = document.querySelector('.js-toggle-dark-mode');

jtd.addEvent(toggleDarkMode, 'click', function(){
  if (jtd.getTheme() === 'dark') {
    jtd.setTheme('light');
    toggleDarkMode.textContent = 'Dark Mode';
  } else {
    jtd.setTheme('dark');
    toggleDarkMode.textContent = 'Light Mode';
  }
});
</script>

## Late Nights
```
My bad habits lead to late nights endin' alone
Conversations with a stranger I barely know
Swearin' this will be the last, but it probably won't
I got nothin' left to lose, or use, or do

My bad habits lead to wide eyes stare into space
And I know I'll lose control of the things that I say
Yeah, I was lookin' for a way out, now I can't escape
Nothin' happens after two, it's true
It's true, my bad habits lead to you
```

## Poetry

Somehow I had fallen back in love with poetry, ha! I found them beautiful.

## Classes

I don't learn in classes, but that's not all about classes. Class make you keep a normal lifestyle.

## CS Education

CS here is so large and I went to OH and there was like 20 people in the room. Most CS is self-studying. The stress level is really high and the projects are hard.
I don't know whether they are really effective though, but I know that I am under lot of stress.

## Getting Nowhere

I am kind of disappointed and desparate. No need to explain further.

## Tests

Oh please March come to me. Get done with the tests please.

## Cullens

I find myself wondering about the Cullens and how they are forever in their teen years. I want to be bitten by a vampire and be 17 forever.

## Library

I think I should spend some time studying in library not because it is efficient to study in the libraries but because they make 
my lifestyle back to normal. I am kind of not in the normal lifestyle now, staying up to at least 1 or 2 every day.



